{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mariia Ihnatova, personal task: How to initialise GIT repo locally?\
\
In order to initialise GIT repo locally one should apply the following algorithm: \
1. Create new Folder on our desktop and name it. For example, you name it Folder. \
2. Right-click with your mouse or touchpad on the Folder.\
3. Select New Terminal at Folder (if you are a MAC user). \
4. Go to the terminal. \
5. Type in <git init> and press Enter.\
6. Should you see the \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/name_surname/Desktop/Folder/.git/\'93 - you are already kicking ass!\
\
You might want to connect this local repo to your remote Github repo! In this case you should: \
1. Go to your Github account. \
2. Choose to create a new repository.\
3. After you created the remote repo go to your local repository (i.e. Folder).\
4. 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Select New Terminal at Folder.\
5.   Go to the terminal. \
6.   Type in <git init> and press Enter. - It will reinitialize the existing Git repo (see above).\
7.   Type in <git add .>. - It will add all the files in the Folder for staging.\
8.   Type in <git commit -m \'93new commit\'94>. Or it maybe first commit, whatever you choose.  \
9.   Go to remote repo and copy the url (choose from SSH). \
10. Get back to terminal.\
11. Type in <git remote add origin <paste URL>> and press Enter. \
12. Type in <git push origin master> and press Enter.\
13. Go to remote repo and refresh it - afterwards you should see the files and Folder from local repo.\
14. Voila! Now you have two synced repos! \
}